He said he was the same size as Weiwei
Trying to replace his model
He thinks anyone can be a model
It's really overkill
Why hasn't Mr. Gu started yet?
Secretary Lin can't wear clothes
Hiding in the background and crying
Oops, you said he was too.
Isn't this foolish?
I'm waiting to see your date
Excuse me.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Welcome to this new product launch event
I'm the host today.
Since the opening model
I didn't expect Secretary Lin to be so beautiful after dressing up.
Your saliva has been delivered to the ground.
Don't worry ma'am
I talked to the reporter.
I will never let Lin Sha be easily fooled
Hello, today's new product launch event.
The original opening guest was supermodel Wei Wei
Why did it change to you?
The launch of the first collaboration between the story and satellite TV
Is it so casual?
I'd like to see how you act